1) spam - Hey, you have won an iPhone 10 in the luck draw conducted by amazon yesterday. To receive the prize please log in to your account and claim your gift

2)spam -Congrats on 2 mobile 3G Videophones R yours. call…

3)ham - Hope you are having a wonderful day!

Our goals must continue, despite the covid impact, we are positive about the new year. Therefore, we are planning the year 2022 together with you to get the right job and enhance your networking with minded people.

What has changed for us? In response to working from home and social distancing, we organized the Virtual Fairs last year. Last year, we presented more than 500 Companies, 300+ Media, Community & University Partners & 45k+ attendees across 12 countries.

We are continuing this successful series of events this year with virtual as well as physical fairs across the 15 countries namely Vienna, Canada, India, Israel, Denmark, Lisbon, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Spain, Berlin, Zurich, France, Ireland, Sweden and USA are offering you the opportunity to help you with finding new career paths, acquiring relevant abilities, and securing positions that are in-demand.

The advantage here is you can create a one-time Tech Profile on our Hire Tech Talent Platform which enables you to access multiple events at once and get a chance to be employed in 13 countries without losing your time by applying for a hundred different job offers our exhibitors will hire you.

4) Spam
                'We’d all like to get a $10,000 deposit on our bank accounts out of the blue, but winning a prize—especially if you’ve never entered a contest', 
                'Netflix is sending you a refund of $12.99. Please reply with your bank account and routing number to verify and get your refund', 
                'Your account is temporarily frozen. Please log in to to secure your account '

5) ham  -       The article was published on 18th August itself',
                'Although we are unable to give you an exact time-frame at the moment, I would request you to stay tuned for any updates.',
                'The image you sent is a UI bug, I can check that your article is marked as regular and is not in the monetization program.